My name is Eden Hoff-Lohansso.
I studied medicine at the University of Zurich in Switzerland,
and afterwards I specialized in orthopedic surgery.
I didn't believe in a creator because I believed that the species came into existence through evolution.
By comparing the anatomies of various organisms, we recognized similarities.
To me, it was logical that there was a link between these similarities,
that it indicated that we descend from a common ancestor.
After my studies in medicine, I worked in hospitals in surgical departments.
In orthopedics, a large part of orthopedics involves the insertion of prosthetics
to replace joints that are sick or no longer work.
Because the knee not only bends in straightens, there is also a sliding movement,
a small rotation.
With a prosthetic knee, we cannot achieve the complete mobility of a normal healthy knee.
If we see someone skating or dancing,
we have to believe that there is a designer who is superior to us.
For a foot to function properly, there has to be harmony between the joints,
the tendons, the muscles, and the nervous system.
It's difficult to imagine that it could be the result of evolution.
When someone came to my home to speak about the Bible,
I found the arguments in favor of creation more logical.
Also, I learned there are renowned scientists who have doubts themselves about the theory of evolution.
By studying the Bible, I came to better know who God is.
It's like food. You have to taste it to know if it's good.
Likewise, you have to study the Bible to realize that what it says is true.